Add SSH certificates documentation (#4592)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-registered-hosts-to-accept-ssh-certificate-from-smart-proxy.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="configuring-registered-hosts-to-accept-ssh-certificate-from-smart-proxy_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="configuring-registered-hosts-to-accept-ssh-certificate-from-{smart-proxy-context}"]
```

= Configuring registered hosts to accept an SSH certificate from {SmartProxy}

> You can configure hosts that were previously configured to use plain SSH keys to accept SSH certificates from the {SmartProxy} after you enable SSH certificate authentication on the {SmartProxy}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you enable SSH certificate authentication on your {SmartProxy}, you can configure hosts to accept SSH certificates from the {SmartProxy}.
This ensures the hosts will no longer use plain SSH keys during a remote execution connection.
```

Author: Can it be like this?
```suggestion
After you enable SSH certificate authentication on your {SmartProxy}, you can configure hosts to accept SSH certificates from the {SmartProxy}.
This ensures the hosts will no longer accept plain SSH keys during a remote execution connection.
```

You can use remote execution to apply these changes.

.Prerequisites
* You have a Certificate Authority for signing SSH certificates.

.Procedure
Perform these steps on each host that uses the {SmartProxy} for remote execution and was registered before you enabled SSH certificate authentication on the {SmartProxy}.

. Import the CA public key to the host.
. Enter the following commands:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# mkdir -p /etc/ssh/sshd_config.d
# echo 'TrustedUserCAKeys _My_CA_Public_Key_File_Path_' > /etc/ssh/sshd_config.d/60-foreman-user-ca.conf
ifndef::foreman-deb[]
# restorecon /etc/ssh/sshd_config.d/60-foreman-user-ca.conf
endif::[]
# systemctl restart sshd

> ----

Reviewer 2: Because the commands are related, you could also introduce them as substeps. So something like:

```
. Update the `sshd` configuration:
.. Step 1 mkdir
.. Step 2 echo
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-registered-hosts-to-accept-ssh-certificate-from-{smart-proxy-context}"]
= Configuring registered hosts to accept an SSH certificate from {SmartProxy}

[role="_abstract"]
After you enable SSH certificate authentication on your {SmartProxy}, you can configure hosts to accept SSH certificates from the {SmartProxy}.
This ensures the hosts will no longer accept plain SSH keys during a remote execution connection.

> You can use remote execution to apply these changes.

Author: This can be done at any time, smart proxy retains connection to the hosts registered before enabling the feature via plain ssh keys.
